correct cloud-controller-manager links in sig-cloud-provider (#1390)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-cloud-provider/20190125-out-of-tree-aws.md

## Motivation

> Motivation for supporting out-of-tree providers can be found in [KEP-0002](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-cloud-provider/20180530-cloud-controller-manager.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Motivation for supporting out-of-tree providers can be found in the [Cloud Controller Manager KEP](/keps/sig-cloud-provider/20180530-cloud-controller-manager.md). 
```

Reviewer 2: +1
